#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
affine==2.3.1
    # via rasterio
anyio==3.6.1
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.0.8
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.1.0
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   rasterio
babel==2.10.3
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
branca==0.5.0
    # via folium
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   fiona
    #   mercantile
    #   rasterio
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
contextily==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
contourpy==1.0.5
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.3
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
executing==1.1.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
fiona==1.8.21
    # via geopandas
folium==0.12.1.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.37.3
    # via matplotlib
geographiclib==1.52
    # via geopy
geopandas==0.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
geopy==2.2.0
    # via contextily
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==4.12.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
ipykernel==6.16.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.2
    # via jupyter
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   branca
    #   folium
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   contextily
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.10
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.3.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
    #   voila
jupyter-console==6.4.4
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.11.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
    #   voila
jupyter-server==1.19.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
    #   voila
jupyterlab==3.4.7
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.15.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   voila
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
lxml==4.9.1
    # via nbconvert
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.6.0
    # via
    #   contextily
    #   matplotlib-scalebar
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
matplotlib-scalebar==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
mercantile==1.2.1
    # via contextily
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
munch==2.5.0
    # via fiona
nbclassic==0.4.4
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.5.13
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   voila
nbconvert==6.5.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   voila
nbformat==5.6.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.4.12
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.1.0
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.23.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   folium
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   rasterio
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   snuggs
    #   xarray
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtpy
    #   rioxarray
    #   xarray
pandas==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
    #   seaborn
    #   xarray
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.2.0
    # via
    #   contextily
    #   matplotlib
prometheus-client==0.14.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.31
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.2
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
    #   snuggs
pyproj==3.4.0
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   rioxarray
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2022.2.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.3.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.2.0
    # via qtconsole
rasterio==1.3b1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contextily
    #   rioxarray
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   contextily
    #   folium
    #   jupyterlab-server
rioxarray==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
seaborn==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
shapely==1.8.4
    # via geopandas
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   fiona
    #   munch
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
snuggs==1.4.7
    # via rasterio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.5.1
    # via ipython
terminado==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
    #   voila
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via requests
voila==0.3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.1
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==10.3
    # via voila
widgetsnbextension==4.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
xarray==2022.6.0
    # via rioxarray
xyzservices==2022.9.0
    # via contextily
zipp==3.8.1
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
